Refund policy – Thagadur Career Services
Skip to content
Menu
Home
About us
Founder’s Profile
Services
Hire Train Deploy
Staffing Services
Looking for Job ?
Jobs
Candidate Login
Candidate Registration
Need Candidates?
Employer Registration
PM WANI
Thagadur WiFi PM WANI
PDO Devices
PDO Registration
Partner with Us
Job Oriented Training
Contact us
Refund policy
Cancellation and Refund Policy
Our  focus is complete customer satisfaction. In the event, if you are  displeased with the services provided, we will refund back the money,  provided the reasons are genuine and proved after investigation. Please  read the fine prints of each deal before buying it, it provides all the  details about the services or the product you purchase.
Accessing  and using Thagadur Career Services (OPC) Private Limited YOU accept and agree to the terms, conditions  and rules without limitation and or qualification.
We  reserve the right to modify the terms at any time without giving YOU  any prior notice. Your use of Thagadur Career Services (OPC) Private Limited following any such modification  constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the terms as  modified. Any additional terms and conditions, disclaimers, privacy  policies and other policies applicable in general and/ or to specific  areas of this website, Thagadur Career Services (OPC) Private Limited or to a particular service are also  considered as terms.
Thagadur Career Services (OPC) Private Limited disclaims any accountability, legal, losses/damages or else, that might  arise because of the act, omission or otherwise of any USER on its  website/mobile application or caused by the same.
Notwithstanding  anything contrary contained herein, the service, the interface and api  work, and their respective information, pricing and data, and  availability are subject at any time and from time to time to human,  mechanical , typographic, or other errors, oversights, mistakes,  limitations, delays, service interruptions, including, without  limitation, as may be due in whole or in part to, related to or arising  out of (i) computer hardware and software, telecommunication and  operating systems, databases, or business processes and procedures,  other problems inherent in, or which may be associated with, the use of  the internet and electronic communications including, without  limitation, government / regulatory actions,  orders, notifications etc. And / or and acts and omissions of third  parties etc.
In  the event of any dispute (defined below), Thagadur Career Services (OPC) Private Limited records shall be  binding as the conclusive evidence of the transactions carried out  through use of the wallet.
Thagadur Career Services (OPC) Private Limited will not be responsible for recovering the money in case the account  holder initiates fund transfer to an unintended or incorrect account.
The  USER is responsible for the accuracy and authenticity of the  instructions provided to  Thagadur Career Services (OPC) Private Limited and the same, if is in the form and  manner prescribed by  Thagadur Career Services (OPC) Private Limited shall be considered to be sufficient to  operate the said facility.  Thagadur Career Services (OPC) Private Limited shall not be required to independently  verify the instructions.  Thagadur Career Services (OPC) Private Limited has no liability if it does not or is  unable to stop or prevent the implementation of any payment order issued  by the USER. Once a payment order is issued by the USER the same cannot  be subsequently revoked by the USER.
In  the event, YOU erroneously send a payment to a wrong party,  Thagadur Career Services (OPC) Private Limited shall  have no liability in this regard and your only recourse will be to  contact such third party to whom such payment was sent and seek a refund  (if any).  Thagadur Career Services (OPC) Private Limited will not refund or reverse a payment erroneously made  by YOU.
All  sales of prepaid recharge on the  Thagadur Career Services (OPC) Private Limited platform are final with no  refund or exchange permitted. YOU are responsible for the mobile number  for which YOU purchased the prepaid recharge and all charges that result  from those purchases.
Thagadur Career Services (OPC) Private Limited is not responsible for any purchase of prepaid recharge for an incorrect mobile number or similar services.
All  instructions, requests, directives, orders, directions, entered by the  USER, are based upon the USER’s decisions and are the sole  responsibility of the USER.
Refund Policy
Returns
Goods sold can be returned within 7 days.
Services once sold cannot be returned.
To  be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same  condition that you received it. It must also be in the original  packaging.
Several  types of goods are exempt from being returned. Perishable goods such as  food, flowers, newspapers or magazines cannot be returned. We also do  not accept products that are intimate or sanitary goods, hazardous  materials, or flammable liquids or gases.
Additional Non-Returnable Items:
Electronic Hardware
Downloadable software products
Online Services
To complete your return, we require a receipt or proof of purchase.
Please do not send your purchase back to the manufacturer.
There are Certain situations where only partial Refunds are granted (If Applicable):
Any  item not in its original conditions, is damaged or missing parts for  reasons not due to our error. Any item that is returned more than 7 days  after delivery.
All  Sales Of Prepaid Recharge On The  Thagadur Career Services (OPC) Private Limited Platform Are Final With No  Refund Or Exchange Permitted. YOU Are Responsible For The Mobile Number  For Which YOU Purchased The Prepaid Recharge And All Charges That Result  From Those Purchases.  Thagadur Career Services (OPC) Private Limited is not responsible for any purchase of prepaid recharge for an incorrect mobile number or similar services.
Refunds(If Applicable):
Once
 your return is received and inspected, we will send you an email to 
notify you that we have received your returned item. We will also notify
 you of the approval or rejection of your refund.
If
 you are approved, then your refund will be processed, and a credit will
 automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of 
payment, within a certain amount of days.
Late or missing refunds (if applicable):
If you haven’t received a refund yet, first check your bank account again.
Then contact your credit card company, it may take some time before your refund is officially posted.
Next contact your bank. There is often some processing time before a refund is posted.
If you’ve done all of this and you still have not received your refund yet, please contact us at
[email protected]
Exchanges (if applicable):
We only replace items if they are defective or damaged.  If you need to exchange it for the same item, send us an email at  i
nfo@thagadu
r
.com
and  send your item to: Thagadur Career Services (OPC) Private Limited
11.C, 1st Floor, Pennagaram Road, opposite to DDCC Bank, Dharmapuri, Tamil Nadu 636701
For more detail of returns/Cancellations, we encourage you to write to us
Cancellation Process
If  your cancellation is at least 7 days in advance, you will receive a  full refund. If your cancellation is less than 24 hours or after  installation of PDO device in your location area, so cancelation will  not be acceptable. For more detail please contact Thagadur Career Services(OPC)  Pvt Ltd. or send email to   i
[email protected]
For more detail please contact   Thagadur Career Services(OPC)  Pvt Ltd admin or send email to us. We will do our best to accommodate your needs.
Refund Process
If  eligible for returns/Cancellations, client can raise return/refund  request by call, or you can also drop us an email mentioning which PDO  device you would like to return. Once acknowledged by our technical team  client have to make proper arrangement of packing and freight to our  registered office. If client had paid online using cards / online  banking – we will refund to the same account. If you had paid using  NEFT/RTGS – we will ask you for your bank account number and IFSC code  for processing refunds. If paid by credit card, refunds will be issued  to the original credit card provided at the time of purchase and in case  of payment gateway name payments refund will be made to the same  account. We do not levy any return fee. For more detail of  returns/Cancellations, we encourage you to write to us at
[email protected]
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Telegram
WhatsApp
Important Links
Privacy Policy
Refund policy
Shipping Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact us
News
World
India
Business
Politics
Sports
District
Social
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Location
Thagadur Career Services
11.C, 1st floor, Pennagram Road,
Opposite to DDCC bank, 
Dharmapuri-636701.
+91-7899752753
[email protected]
Copyright © 2025 Thagadur Career Services
–
OnePress
theme by FameThemes
Sign In
Username or Email
Password
Sign In
Forgot password?
Register
Email
Password
Register
Already have an account?
Sign In
Reset Password
Please enter your username or email address, you will receive a link to create a new password via email.
Username or Email
Send Email